# Weratedogs
This project is wrangles (and analyzing and visualizing) the tweet archive of Twitter user @dog_rates, also known as WeRateDogs. WeRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with a humorous comment about the dog. 

Weratedogs is a Twitter proﬁle that rates the cuteness level of various dogs that are sent to them. The goal of this project was to analyze the data that was obtained to ultimately see which dog breeds are the cutest. The project has worked with three separate data ﬁles that contain various relevantdata. For analytical purposes, I used pythons pandas toexplore, clean, and create visualizations for the data set. The ﬁrst steps with this project were storing the data ﬁles into appropriate datasets, including scrubbing the JSON ﬁle to make it manageable. After making copies of the ﬁles and storing them into their respective datasets, I was able to merge the data into a single CSV ﬁle for analysis. I then was able to visually and programmatically asses areas in the data that required corrections or updates. I noted these issues down underneath the exploratory phase of my project. After exploring and assessing the data, I then proceeded to clean and correct the issues that I found within the dataset. This including correcting data types, extracting values from data, removing retweets, etc. I broke down each problem into three sections: Deﬁne, which outlined the issue and how I was going to address it. Code, the code used to solve the problem, and Test, the code usedtotestthedatatoverifythecodeworked. Followingthecleaning,Ithenproceededtocreate programmaticvisualizationsforthedatawhichincludedgraphsabouthighestrateddogbreedas well as which dog stages were the most popular. From this project, I was able to put my programming skills to the test. I was able to learn how to fully assess and clean dirty data and how to think about the problem ahead of time before leaping into trying to analyze the data.

# QUESTION
# UNDERSTAND
# EXPLORE
# SOLVE
# TRANSLATE
